Fix broken links issue #10908 (#10932)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-mac/networking.md

container. This is what you need to do even on Linux if the container is on an
overlay network, not a bridge network, as these are not routed.

> The command to run the `nginx` webserver shown in [Getting Started](/docker-for-mac/index#explore-the-application)

Reviewer: looks like this should be either

```suggestion
The command to run the `nginx` webserver shown in [Getting Started](index.md#explore-the-application)
```

or 

```suggestion
The command to run the `nginx` webserver shown in [Getting Started](/docker-for-mac/#explore-the-application)
```

let me open a PR

Reviewer: opened https://github.com/docker/docker.github.io/pull/10941
